Update Lightning App docs (#13537)
Lightning-AI/lightning: docs/source-app/examples/model_server_app/model_server_app_content.rst

*********
Objective
*********

Create a simple application that trains and serves a `Sklearn <https://scikit-learn.org/stable/>`_ machine learning model with `MLServer from SeldonIO <https://github.com/SeldonIO/MLServer>`_

----

*****************
Final Application
*****************

Here is a gif of the final application built in this example.

.. figure::  https://pl-flash-data.s3.amazonaws.com/assets_lightning/ml_server_2.gif

----

*************
System Design
*************

> In order to create such application, we need to build several components:
> 
> * A Model Train Component that trains a model and provide its trained weights
> 
> * A Model Server Component that serves to an API endpoint the model generated by the **Model Train Component**.
> 
> * A Load Testing Component that test the model server works as expected. This could be used to CI/CD the performance of newly generated models (left to the users).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to create such application, we need to build several components:

* A Model Train Component that trains a model and provides its trained weights

* A Model Server Component that serves as an API endpoint for the model generated by the **Model Train Component**.

* A Load Testing Component that tests the model server works as expected. This could be used to CI/CD the performance of newly generated models (left to the users).
```
